changes to header, footer and service navigation (#4547)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/back-link/index.md

---

{% from "_example.njk" import example %}
{% from "_brand-callout.njk" import brandCallout %}

Use the back link component to help users go back to the previous page in a multi-page transaction.

{% call brandCallout({ text: "Brand", classes: "brand-tag-green" }) %}

> <h2>Brand changes might affect the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, parts of the Design System will be updated to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. <a href="#/">See the refreshed GOV.UK brand identity.</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2>Brand changes might affect the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, parts of the Design System will change to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. <a href="#/">See the refreshed GOV.UK brand identity.</a></p>
```
